--------------
|INTRODUCTION|
--------------
    This file explains you what the parameters are, the default values and
    sometimes what is useful. I however do not guarantee that this list is
    complete and/or correct. Where no default value is given, the parameter
    needs to be given explicitly or the code just doesn't start.

    All parameters are given in the format
    (ALGORITHM, if applicable only in certain cases) Parameter Name: short description
    Default: (Default value / none if needed)
    (possible longer description to clarify things)

--------------
|INTERACTIONS|
--------------
    D: Dipolar Interaction Strength
    Default: 0.

    cutoff_distance: Distance at where the dipolar interaction shall be truncated
    Default: 3.
    This is measured in units of a, therefore just changing a doesn't change
    anything about the truncation 

    Dilution Rate: Vacancy concentration for dipolar interaction
    Default: 0.

    Positional Disorder: Describes the position disorder of sites
    Default: 0.
    The positional disorder is given as a 2D Gaussian with standart deviation
    equal to this parameter centered around 0

    debug dipolar: print information about the coordinates in the dipolar case
    Default: false
    Mainly useful if positional disorder is introduced, otherwise please use
    "print debug information"

    J: Exchange Strength
    Default: 0.
    Describes NN Interactions

    Shape Anisotropy Strength:
    Default: 0.
    Hamiltonian is of the form -A*cos(p[i]*(phi[i]-phi0[i]))

    Shape Anisotropy Angle:
    Default: (none)
    If not set, the angles are randomly distributed over the circle, such that
    the prefered orientations are uncorrelated, if set they preferrably align
    in the same direction (up to p)

    Shape Anisotropy Distribution Type:
    Default: Fixed
    This gives the possible distributions for the local shape anisotropy. 
        Case Fixed:
            all have the same shape (potentially differently orientated)
        Case Uniform:
            the number of minima is equally distributed in {1,2,...,p}

    Shape Anisotropy p:
    Default: (none)
    Depending on the distribution, this parameter determines different things. 
        Case Fixed:
            The p to use for all (constant shape anisotropy)
        Case Uniform:
            the number of minima is equally distributed in {1,2,...,p} 

    Remarks:
        - In the program is distinguished by a disordered and a non disordered
          dipolar class via a template
        - Shape Anisotropy class gets only loaded if both, A and p_max are defined
        - If no Hamiltonian is loaded an error message should appear and the program terminate

------------------
|GEOMETRY DETAILS|
------------------
    LATTICE: Name of the Lattice to use
    Default: (none)
    This is determined by the ALPS library, refere to their list of appplicable lattices

    L: Linear length of lattice
    Default: (none)
    This is the linear length, not total number of sites (e.g. square lattice has L^2 sites)

    a: length of 1st basis vector
    Default: 1.

    b: length of 2nd basis vector
    Default: a

---------------------------
|OTHER PHYSICAL QUANTITIES|
---------------------------
xy:
    beta: inverse Temperature in natural units
    T: Temperature in natural units
    Default: (none)
    Define only one of them, otherwise undefined behaviour,
    only needs to be set for ALGORITHM="xy"

exmc:
    BETA_MIN, BETA_MAX: inverse temperature interval for exmc
    T_MIN, T_MAX: temperature interval for exmc

----------------------
|SIMULATIONAL DETAILS|
----------------------
    THERMALIZATION: Number of Lattice Sweeps for thermalization
    Default: 100
    
    SWEEPS: Number of Sweeps done to the system
    Default: 5000
    This is only the number of sweeps performed in the system. The number of
    measurements is given by SWEEPS/EACH_MEASUREMENT

    EACH_MEASUREMENT: Describes the Time between successive measurements
    Default: 15

    ALGORITHM: Type of algorithm to use
    Default: (none)
    Possible Choices: xy, exmc
        xy:   does a fixed temperature single spin flip update algorithm  
        exmc: does a parallel tempering procedure based on ALPS 
    
    (exmc) NUM_REPLICAS: number of exmc replicas to swap with
    Default: (none)
    There exist other ways of setting the temperature interval (see the file
    alps/src/alps/parapack/exchange.h for details)

    (exmc) OPTIMIZE_TEMPERATURE: Should the temperature set be optimized?
    Default: False 
    If so, there are more thermalization steps done
    (OPTIMIZATION_ITERATIONS+2)*THERMALIZATION, such that this can take longer

    (exmc) OPTIMIZATION_TYPE: (rate|population)
    Default: rate

    (exmc) OPTIMIZATION_ITERATIONS: how often the temperature set is allowed to
    be optimized before measurement start
    Default: 1 for rate
             7 for population 

    Targeted Acceptance Ratio: Fraction of accepted steps to aim for
    Default: 0.5

    Angle Deviation Start: Which angle deviation to start with
    Default: PI/10.
    
    Angle Deviation Factor: Update factor for angle deviation
    Default: 1.2
    Determines the update factor such that the acceptance ratio will be
    achieved

    Angle Deviation Min: Lowest acceptable angle deviation
    Default: PI/1000.

    Angle Deviation Max: Maximal acceptable angle deviation
    Default: 2*PI

    Initialization: Initialize as...
    Default: "GS"
    Possible choices are:
        "GS":       Ground state
        "Random":   Randomized inital setup

    NUM_CLONES: Number of copies of simulation
    Default: 1
    This allows to use more compuation power for the same task, gather faster
    statistics, however the thermalization is not able to speed up with this

    SEED: Number seeding the RNG responsible for standart actions
    Default: (given by ALPS)
    This allows to seed your own RNG, however ALPS provides one if not given
    
    DISORDER_SEED: Number seeding the disorder RNG
    Default: (given by ALPS)
    This allows to seed your own RNG, however ALPS provides one if not given

    print debug information:
    Default: False
    Prints the periodic translations as well as the coordinates of each site,
    only use this for short tests, as otherwise the ouput files explode in
    length

-------------
|OBSERVABLES|
-------------
    Component Analysis
    ------------------
    component_observables: Boolean if components should be measured
    Default: False
    
    MCRG
    ----
    mcrg_iteration_depth: Number of iterations done with MCRG
    Default: -1 (no MCRG measurement is done)

    MCRG Interactions: which correlations to actually measure
    Default: (none)
    Implemented in the interactions.h file, possible choices at the moment are:
        "small":                standart set, probably enough
        "medium interactions":  introduces a few more exotic interactions
        "medium range":         stays with rather conservative interactions, however increases the range compared to small
        "massive":              is broken and anyway too big for any use, at the moment DO NOT USE

    MCRG Reduction Technique:
    Default: (none)
    Implemented in the reductions.h file, possible choices at the moment are:
        "Decimation":        Uses only a 4th of the spins, ignoring the others
        "Blockspin":         Compute the average over 4 spins in a Block and
                             use these as new ones
        "FerroBlockspin":    Same as Blockspin but first rotating the spins,
                             such that the GS is transformed the ferromagnetic
        "Blockspin4x4":      Use the same as Blockspin but with 16(=4*4) spins
        "FerroBlockspin4x4": Same as Blockspin4x4/FerroBlockspin, transform
                             then average over 4*4 spins
    These are randomized in successive measurements over the starting points of
    the blocks

    Structure Factor
    ----------------
    structure_factor: Boolean if structure factor shall be measured
    Default: False

    Spin Autocorrelation Time
    -------------------------
    Spin Autocorrelation analysis length: In which depth to analyse the spin autocorrelation
    Default: -1
    As the full configuration get saved, this can be a time and mostly time
    consuming task, consider that the class contains (this parameter) * N
    doubles and in every measurement compare a configuration to all the old
    ones. Use smaller lattices to still have a fast access to the data
    
    Last Configuration
    -------------------------
    measure last configuration: 
    Default: False
    boolean to determine if it should measure the last configuration or not

    Field Histogram
    ---------------
    Field Histogram: 
    Default: False
    Measure Field Histogram?
    	
    Field Histogram Measures per Measure: 
    Default: 1024
    Determines how many points get sampled for each configuration
    
    Field Histogram fixed z: 
    Default: true
    If set then each sample is drawn at same height, with a Gaussian
    distribution set by lower parameters If not set, then Field Histogram z
    determines the height

    Field Histogram z: 
    Default: 0.75
    Two fold parameter: if fixed z, this is the height of all samples, if not
    fixed z this is the mean of the Gaussian

    Field Histogram z stddev: 
    Default: 0.5
    Standard deviation for the Gaussian

    Field Histogram z cutoff: 
    Default: 0.1
    A truncation should be made (field to close in the layer of the dots leads
    to huge sample) it's controlled by this parameter. 

    Field Histogram cutoff: 
    Default: 3.
    Dots further away from the sampling site as this radius get ignored (this
    should shift the total field, however not the qualitative dependence due to
    short rangedness of the field in the quasi 2D set-up)

    Field Histogram diameter split: 
    Default: 1
    The dot can be split up into several parts to attribute the finite width of
    the experimental realization. The dot will be assumed circular. The dot
    will be split up in several parts, such that along the diameter in
    x-direction (and equivalently in y-direction) are this number of parts. The
    overal number of part contributing to the dipole of a single dot is given
    by as many dots that are inside the circle of this diameter.

    Dot Radius: 
    Default: 0.35
    This parameter describes the extension of the dot in parameters of the
    lattice periodicity a. The default value arises from one of the
    experimental realizations.

    Field Histogram lower histogram truncation:
    Default: 4096
    In the case of log binning, where to truncate against too small values. It
    will calculate the maxfield and divide it by this number as a lower
    truncation.

    Field Histogram higher histogram truncation:
    Default: 64 (log) / 3 (lin)
    What should be the highest resolvable bin for the field histogram. It will
    calculate the maxfield and multiply it by this factor, this will result in
    the upper bound.

    M: The magnetization of each dot.
    Default: 1.
            
    Field Histogram number of bins: 
    Default: 128
    How many bins should the resulting histograms consist of?
